These config files are used by the AMC Driveware software to configure the motor control boards for the robot's motors.

NOTE:
The configurations for the motor controllers are specific to each motor contoller (ex. left motor must use the _Lside configs). We defined the side of the robot with all the boards and wires to be the front; left and right are then defined facing from the rear of the robot towards the front (using port and starboard convention). The control board and wires for the left side are marked with red tape and the right side are marked with green tape.

PWM Input Configuration:
The JW_PWMgood_Lside and JW_PWMgood_Rside are the current configurations loaded on the controller boards; these configurations allow the motors to be controlled by PWM signals from the Arduino controller. Arduino can send PWM signals between 0 and 255 inclusive; however, 0 and 255 may not be used to assign a speed to the robot because a pure high or low signal is interpreted as an error by the motor controller. PWM signals between 128 and 254 define foward motion with 128 being minimum forward and 254 being max forward; PWM signals between 0 and 127 define reverse motion with 0 geing max reverse and 127 being minimum reverse. Because Arduino cannot send a perfet 50% signal to tell the motors to stop, there are digital signals (one per board) which enable and disable the motors; a high signal will disable the motors and stop the robot while a low signal will enable the motors to move at the speed defined by PWM. It is also worth noting that the PWM signal to the robot must have a frequency of at least 1KHz and the Arduino normally does not produce this frequency. There are register values that can be modified to increase the clock speed for the PWM pins, see our programs for the relevant code, but note that there are different registers for different PWM pins so moving the wires that control the motor would require a different register to be modified.

Analog Input Configuration:
The JW_Analoggood_Lside and JW_Analoggood_Rside are (reconstructions of) the original configurations on the boards; these configurations allow the robot to be controlled by the attached handheld controller (when it is plugged back in). This is the way the robot was initially controlled when we were given it and ideally this method of control will either cease to exist or become easily removable and reattachable as necessary.

Abandon All Hope Ye Who Enter Here:
Hopefully these configurations will not have to be modified in any way, but if it is necessary to modify them then ensure that the original configuration files are not modified and that each motor gets its own configuration CREATED FROM A PREVIOUS CONFIGURATION FOR THAT MOTOR. There is calibration information stored in each motor config and if the configuration from the wrong motor is loaded then the motor will NOT act predictably. Do not invoke the suffering we have already endured and make as few changes as possible to the configurations and ALWAYS maintain unchanged backups of config files.